# Minutes From 26.03.2024
**Chair: Lachezar**\
**Minute-Taker: Nico**\
**Overarching goal for this week: implementing advanced features and polishing the basic functionality**
## What is done but needs polishing?
- scene navigation is mostly done, but sometimes unintuitive/impractical
- language features have the basis, we just need to add the text in the properties file
- detailed expenses, most features exist but adding tags is buggy and you cannot select a subset of the participant list to add to the expense
## What missing features did the group notice in its work?
- clicking on a participant in the list and being able update/remove them
- accessibility features, e.g. keyboard shortcuts
- back button in the admin login
- WebSockets so the event in the event overview is updated live
- deleting expenses
- seeing shares per person in the event overview
- clearing fields upon reloading
	- admin overview
	- expense addition
- printing the password to the client output
- actively settling debts
- IBAN and BIC validation
- UI coherence
	- standard font
	- more than just black and white
	- ability for window resizing
## Decisions
- What to send in for the project Pitch
	- bullet points
	- most likely slides as well
	- *this task will be assigned in the meeting after this*
- Work Division (*prone to change*):
	- Frank: Language Switch
		- Lachezar: Bulgarian
	- Frank and Lachezar: frontend testing
	- Simeon: Finish Statistics Extension
	- Casian: Updating/Removing Participants
	- Nico: Websockets and Polishing the Event Overview
	- Pelayo: Accessibility (*Pelayo was not at the meeting, thus this take may very likely be reassigned*)
